like any profession, it's difficult to really determine what piers or
superiors or subordinates you can you can rely on. But as you get more
exposure to him to those folks, you'll learn what they're like and
what they consider important and how and whether they'll help you
get out. It may be a difficult situation. Um, I would say there's any
particular thing that you would would see automatically, but more
sustained performance type idea, as in, if you if you see someone just
arrived to the squadron and you know they end up being very good
anticipating problems, they're very good at looking ahead and ensuring
that they're not just thinking about the problem immediately in front
of them, but kind of looking out and predicting how that how our
reaction to that problem will affect us in the long run. If that type
of that type of personality entered your enters your world, then
I think you can say those folks can help you out. The long run a SZ
for superiors are concerned superiors that are consistently asking
you how you're doing and what you're interested in, and you aren't just
strictly on a professed staying on a professional level, but you
kind of move into the personal level. To some extent, Um, in my experience,
that has been an indicator of whether I can trust them and
rely on them. Help me out in my best interest, and I think that has
served me well.